One of the biggest predictors of our health and happiness in life is the quality of our relationships. Developing these sorts of relationship is not necessarily easy especially in a world where we've got so much choice and we have seemingly so little time. In this video i want to share eight of logan top tips from the field of behavioral science that we can apply to a dating lives and i hope you'll find them helpful as well. There's a bunch of tips that logan gives in her book how to not die alone for how to overcome the hesitate a mindset if you're one of those people for example you could set deadlines if you want. Another tip is to just start small let you talk to the book about how people are often like over optimize the when it comes to dating a lot. Don't fall into the interview try i think this was really good so i actually read this tip in the book before having the conversation with logan. tip number five is the second date rule some of the best people i know do not perform well and first states they are awkward they are not comfortable. First dates are almost a warm up around it's ah do i like the sound of your voice and my attracted you to have some going to talk about. tip number six is the experience show rather than the evaluative mindset that i found this to be super helpful in my life. i think with with dating it's one of those things where even though there's videos like this and if you've gone to this point then you clearly care about kind of and evidence based approach to dating and relationships and stuff. There's this fine line between thinking about it and planning it and going so overboard that it's sort of takes the joy and the experience out of the thing and so i find that like keeping keeping that in mind there's always it was a middle way you something to keep in mind to the evaluative mindset. Dating in the modern sense was invented at the end of around eighty nine this is a relatively new concept in terms of the span of human history and then dating on apps is around a decade old with swipe the and all that being extremely new. There's an activity called a penthouse in a basement person you think in your life not even in a romantic setting who is my penthouse person who when i'm with them to they bring my energy up to.